DEV-2459: Review and Improvements (#643)
cloudposse/docs: docs/layers/identity/deploy.mdx

>     atmos workflow deploy/all -f identity

Reviewer: Is it clear what role or user to use?

Author: most likely no. I'll add a note

    ```

    <Note title="important">Once the roles are deployed, the Terraform State Backend should be reconfigured to use the newly provisioned roles.</Note>
  </Step>

  <Step>
    ### <StepNumber/> Reconfigure Terraform State Backend

>     Apply the changes from the previous step to the Terraform State Backend by running the following. This will grant permission for your newly deployed AWS Teams and Team Roles to access the Terraform State Backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Apply the changes from the previous step to the Terraform State Backend by running the following commands. This will grant permission for your newly deployed AWS Teams and Team Roles to access the Terraform State Backend.
```

    ```

>     This will generate AWS configuration to the `rootfs` directory locally.

Reviewer: Do we explain anywhere why we generate these configs?

Author: I dont think we do. I'll add a bit of context to this line

    <Note title="important">

>     The script that generates AWS config requires local files that are created when the AWS Team and Team Roles components are deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The AWS config script requires local files, which are generated during the deployment of the AWS Team and Team Roles components.
```

    ```

    This will generate AWS configuration to the `rootfs` directory locally.

>     <Note title="IMPORTANT">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Note title="Important">
```

    The script that generates AWS config requires local files that are created when the AWS Team and Team Roles components are deployed.

    If you did not run these steps yourself and they are not committed to git, then you will need to rerun those components to generate these local files. For this reason, we recommend committing these generated files to git so that they are available for future use.
    </Note>
  </Step>

  <Step>
    ### <StepNumber/> Apply Changes to Geodesic

    In order to apply these updates to your Geodesic
    image, exit the image and rerun `make all`.

    One of these configuration files will be named `aws-config-teams`. This file holds local configuration for all local
    user authentication to AWS. This file will be the same for both SAML and SSO users, as well as for all teams. This file
    looks for a specific AWS profile for your namespace, for example `acme-identity `, and uses that profile as the
    entry-point for all role assumption. From this profile, all users with proper permission will be able to execute
    Terraform or assume other roles across the AWS Organization.

>     :::info

Reviewer: See my note about admonitions.

Reviewer: Odd, seems like it's working for you though. Anyways, if you have trouble, convert it to `<Admonition/>` tags.
